{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green176\blue82;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30588\c72941\c39608;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \uc0\u9210 \cf3  
\f1\b Bash
\f0\b0 (source /Users/lauras/Desktop/laura/venv/bin/activate && python /Users/lauras/Desktop/laura/CTS/tts_helper.py "Step 1. You\
      asked how LAURA handles tool calling. Step 2. I used Glob to find main loop dot py. Step 3. I searched for tool use patterns\
      with Grep. Step 4. Found tool handling delegates to adapter. Step 5. Read anthropic adapter dot py lines 1 to 200. Step 6.\
      Discovered while true loop at line 91. Step 7. Read lines 200 to 344 for tool handling. Step 8. Found stop reason equals tool\
      use check. Step 9. Saw assistant message append with tool blocks. Step 10. Found tool results appended as user message. Step\
      11. Noticed continue statement loops back. Step 12. Saw text accumulation across iterations. Step 13. Recognized loop exits\
      when not tool use. Step 14. Translated pattern to scene manager context. Step 15. Implemented while loop in laura agent.")\
  \uc0\u9151  \u55357 \u56586  TTS: Step 1. You asked how LAURA handles tool calling. Step 2. I used Glob to find main loop dot py. Step 3. I searched \
    for tool use patterns with Grep. Step 4. Found tool handling delegates to adapter. Step 5. Read anthropic adapter dot py\
    lines 1 to 200. Step 6. Discovered while true loop at line 91. Step 7. Read lines 200 to 344 for tool handling. Step 8.\
    Found stop reason equals tool use check. Step 9. Saw assistant message append with tool blocks. Step 10. Found tool results\
     appended as user message. Step 11. Noticed continue statement loops back. Step 12. Saw text accumulation across\
    iterations. Step 13. Recognized loop exits when not tool use. Step 14. Translated pattern to scene manager context. Step\
    15. Implemented while loop in laura agent.}